Step 1:

Install Java 1.8 or higher(JRE and JDK). Teamscale requires Oracle Java JDK 1.8 or higher. Other Java implementations or JREs are not supported.

Step 2:

Install the Eclipse IDE 4.4(Luna) or higher.

Step 3:

(a) Open Eclipse
(b) Go to Help-> Eclipse MarketPlace
(c) Find https://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/teamscale-eclipse-plugin.
(d) Click Install, confirm and accept the terms of the licence agreement. Click Finish.
(e) Restart Eclipse.
(f) In order to make sure that Teamscale is properly installed, one should be able to see a Teamscale menu entry in 
the main menu bar in Eclipse.

Step 4: Create Teamscale server

(a)Download Teamscale from https://www.cqse.eu/download/teamscale/teamscale-v1.6.0.zip 
(b)To use Teamscale server we need a valid license file ("teamscale.license"). I have attached the license.txt. 
One can also get an evaluation license on Teamscale website.

(c)To install Teamscale th following steps are followed:
	(i)Unzip Teamscale from the Zip file to a directory.
	(ii)Place the license file into the directory where the zip file was extracted. It must be named teamscale.license.

(d)Run Teamscale Server
	(i)Windows: run the file "teamscale.bat" by double clicking it
	(ii)Linux: run the file "teamscale.sh" by executing ./teamscale.sh

(e)Teamscale can be opened on the browser by browsing to http://localhost:8080.

(f)On the login page enter the default admin credentials:
	(i)User: admin
	(ii)Password: admin
Step 5:

(a)Open the Eclipse Window -> Preferences menu and select Teamscale from the list.

(b)Use the "Add" button to add a new Teamscale server 

(c)Fill the dialog with the appropriate values. 
	(i)Name : anyname
	(ii)URL:http://localhost:8080
	(iii)Username:admin
	(iv)IDE Access Key (Follow the below instructions)

The IDE Requires you to use your IDE Access Key for authentication. 
You can find it under your user profile (located in the top right menu) 
in http://localhost:8080/dashboard.html after running the server and then clicking IDE Access Key.





